Add Disclaimer that parse-kv does not work in DCR transformations (#2404)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/parse-kv-operator.md

* [**Non-specified delimeter**](#nonspecified-delimiter): Extraction with no need to specify delimiters. Any nonalphanumeric character is considered a delimiter.
* [**Regex**](#regex): Extraction based on [regular expressions](regex.md).

> :::moniker range="monitor, sentinel"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: moniker range="azure-monitor || microsoft-sentinel"
```

* [**Non-specified delimeter**](#nonspecified-delimiter): Extraction with no need to specify delimiters. Any nonalphanumeric character is considered a delimiter.
* [**Regex**](#regex): Extraction based on [regular expressions](regex.md).

> This operator is not supported in [DCR transformations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/data-collection-transformations). Consider regex or parse instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::moniker range="monitor, sentinel"
>[!NOTE]
> The `parse-kv` operator isn't supported in [DCR transformations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/data-collection-transformations). Use [**`regex`**](#regex) or the [parse operator](parse-operator.md) instead.
::: moniker-end
```
